Teachers’ strike dates: When are they and what are teachers paid?
Thousands of schools across the UK face further disruption as teachers strike over pay.
Further regional and national strikes are planned in February and March.
When are NEU teachers striking?
England and Wales
More than half of schools (51.7%) in England closed or partially closed on 1 February, the first National Education Union (NEU) strike.
Further NEU strikes are scheduled for:
NEU teachers in sixth-form colleges in England - who are already striking - will also walk out.
The strike originally planned in Wales for 14 February was postponed to allow the union to consult members on an improved pay offer from the Welsh government, which the NEU has since rejected.
Northern Ireland
NEU members will join three other unions and strike for half a day on 21 February.
When are the NAHT, EIS and other unions striking?
Wales
The National Association of Head Teachers (NAHT) began action short of a strike on 1 February. 
Scotland
The Educational Institute of Scotland (EIS) and two other unions will walk out again on 28 February and 1 March.
The EIS will hold 20 further strike days between 13 March and 21 April.
Northern Ireland
Most teachers in Northern Ireland will walk out for half a day on 21 February.
Five unions are already taking action short of a strike.
What are teachers' pay demands?
Unions are calling for above-inflation increases, and want schools to get extra money to ensure pay rises do not come from existing budgets. 
Teacher salaries in England fell by an average of 11% between 2010 and 2022, after taking rising prices into account, the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) says.
Most state-school teachers in England and Wales had a 5% rise in 2022. Teachers in Wales rejected a recent offer of an extra 1.5% pay rise, plus an additional one-off payment of 1.5%.
In Northern Ireland many teachers were offered 3.2% for 2021/22 and 2022/23. 
In Scotland, teachers rejected a 5% increase and a subsequent offer of up to 6.85%. The government has since proposed a 6% pay rise in the current year and a further 5.5% in the new financial year, which starts in April. The EIS welcomed the proposals, which it is considering. 
Education Secretary Gillian Keegan says the government has already agreed to provide an extra £2bn in school funding, "which will take real-terms spending on schools to its highest level in history".
How much do teachers get paid?
The starting salary for teachers in England is due to rise to £30,000 a year by September 2023.
State school classroom teachers in England were paid an average of £38,982 in the 2021/22 school year. This compares with £39,009 in Wales and £40,026 in Scotland. Northern Ireland did not provide a figure.
The average head teacher's salary in England for the same period was £74,095, and £57,117 for other senior leaders.
Experts in England advise the government about teacher pay, based on factors including vacancies and subject shortages. 
As with all public spending, money allocated in England determines the funding awarded to Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. 
Employers also contribute 23.68% to teacher pensions, which the education secretary called "very generous". Nurses, by comparison, receive 14.38% in employer contributions.
Will my child's school close on strike days?
England
Schools should try to open, the government says but less than half were fully operational on 1 February. 
Head teachers decide. Teachers don't have to say if they are striking in advance, and there are no rules about when parents must be told about closures.
Some carers may only be told about a closure on the morning itself, once heads know which staff are available.
There are no minimum staffing rules, and heads can use agency staff and volunteers. They do not have to stick to the curriculum.
Schools may offer some remote education, but this is not compulsory. 
Wales
As in England, head teachers decide whether to close.
The Welsh government says parents should ideally get a week's notice, but individual schools must decide how best to minimise the impact of the strikes.
Scotland
Almost all primary and secondary schools closed on strike days. Local councils decide. 
Can I get time off work?
In England, Scotland and Wales, you have the right to time off to care for "family and dependants", which can include emergency childcare.
Your employer must not refuse a reasonable request, but you may not be paid.
Alternatively, you may be able to take annual leave or unpaid parental leave.
Will strikes affect breakfast clubs, after-school clubs and pre-schools?
Wrap-around care and pre-schools may be open, even if the main school isn't.
However, privately-run clubs might not operate, so check.
What about vulnerable pupils and key workers' children? 
Schools in England should prioritise staying open for vulnerable pupils and key workers' children.
Wales' education minister says head teachers are doing "whatever they can" to support these groups.
Will exams be cancelled?
All schools and colleges should have contingency plans in place to limit disruption.
They should prioritise exams and other formal assessments on strike days, even if the school is closed to other pupils.
School leaders who fear strikes could cause disruption should consult exam boards, according to guidance for England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Students will be told if there is any change to the exam or venue.
Some Scottish prelim exams were rescheduled due to strikes. 
What happens to children on free school meals?
Schools must support children eligible for benefits-related free school meals who cannot attend school during strikes.
This might involve providing food parcels. 
In Scotland, some families were given money to cover food costs, while others were offered a packed lunch.
Have you been affected by issues covered in this story? Get in touch by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.
Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also get in touch in the following ways:
If you are reading this page and can't see the form you will need to visit the mobile version of the BBC website to submit your question or comment or you can email us at HaveYourSay@bbc.co.uk. Please include your name, age and location with any submission.